the she'll say Kanyakumari tuck India's
favorite star an unstoppable living
legend Shahrukh Khan
[Applause]
[Music]
I believe I'm one with God I'm not
saying it because I've become a big star
I became a star because I always
believed like that all I wanted to do
what I want to leave at the end of it
all is that people should say you know
what here comes a guy we knew him and he
really really tried honorable president
sab distinguished guests everyone here
on the stage thank you very much
NDTV thank you dr. Roy for this honor
this is unbelievable
completely unbelievable this is this is
the best that could have happened to me
two minutes three things to say so my
timers on the first of all I'd like to
say is you have to be grateful to the
Almighty to your parents to your
teachers not only them because that is
something we all follow but we got to be
grateful to everyone who works for us
works with us makes us who we are brings
us to what we become because on your own
I believe you're not unique you are just
alone so gratitude should be an attitude
that's one part I read it in King on the
net but it sounds good right I will I
will keep this very very appropriate
before I walked in Sonia said no longer
dance second part don't try to be
someone else you'll always find someone
better taller cooler handsomer nicer
more talented with better six-packs but
please do not try to be someone else
because I think it takes away the two
greatest gifts when you try to keep up
with others it takes away the two
greatest gifts life has given you one is
the freedom to fail and the ability to
say with your head held high I don't
know so like someone again has said I've
taken lot of coats this evening to be
appropriate
yeah be yourself because everybody else
is taken it's very important to do to be
who you are and and and you know try and
achieve things on your own go buy a
heart and third has been taught to me by
someone who we all consider a master I
won't say the name on stage straightaway
but
you hints he's very tall has got a buddy
to invoice I asked him once and this is
especially for people who work in the
show business or have to make public
appearances this is very important for
the next generation to come before you
enter a public space make sure check
once twice thrice that your zip is not
undone that's important and last don't
forget to pray thank you very much
everyone god this
[Applause]